README.md, before:

This is a GET API program or app that uses the National Park Service website.
The user enters a two letter State into the query box to search for parks in a region, and sets a maximum amount of returned search items.
The returned results displayed on the screen include the Full Name of the park, the description of the park, as well as the Website URL address for the park.
Each time the user enters a new search (and presses the submit button), the screen will display results for the new search.

## User will be able to input filters (parameters) for search here. 

![MainFilter](https://github.com/edgondon/APIcapstone1/blob/master/screenshots/MainFilters.png)

## User will be able to Navigate to Link to Purchase Tickets here.

![GetTickets](https://github.com/edgondon/APIcapstone1/blob/master/screenshots/GetTickets.png)


## User will be able to get both Map (visual) directions and a step by step written instructions list to their selected location.

![MapDirections](https://github.com/edgondon/APIcapstone1/blob/master/screenshots/MapDirections.png)

![GetDirections](https://github.com/edgondon/APIcapstone1/blob/master/screenshots/GetDirections.png)

## App Technology

* Javascript
* HTML
* CSS

## Demo

- [Demo](https://edgondon.github.io/APIcapstone1/)

Commit message:

fixed error in README description

README.md, after:

Local Events Search App

This app allows the user to find events in their local area.
The features included in the App will allow a date range filter as well as a filter
for a range (radius) in miles around the user's location.

## User will be able to input filters (parameters) for search here. 

![MainFilter](https://github.com/edgondon/APIcapstone1/blob/master/screenshots/MainFilters.png)

## User will be able to Navigate to Link to Purchase Tickets here.

![GetTickets](https://github.com/edgondon/APIcapstone1/blob/master/screenshots/GetTickets.png)


## User will be able to get both Map (visual) directions and a step by step written instructions list to their selected location.

![MapDirections](https://github.com/edgondon/APIcapstone1/blob/master/screenshots/MapDirections.png)

![GetDirections](https://github.com/edgondon/APIcapstone1/blob/master/screenshots/GetDirections.png)

## App Technology

* Javascript
* HTML
* CSS

## Demo

- [Demo](https://edgondon.github.io/APIcapstone1/)
